#3935: Move gradual rollout config to admin guide (#3990)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/multiple-rollouts.md

## Multiple roll-outs

> If a new revision is created while a roll-out is in progress, the system begins to shift traffic immediately to the newest Revision, and drains the incomplete roll-outs from newest to oldest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new revision is created while a rollout is in progress, the system begins to shift traffic immediately to the newest Revision, and drains the
```

> If a new revision is created while a roll-out is in progress, the system begins to shift traffic immediately to the newest Revision, and drains the incomplete roll-outs from newest to oldest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new revision is created while a rollout is in progress, the system begins to shift traffic immediately to the newest Revision, and drains the incomplete roll-outs from newest to oldest.
```
